we're recording perfect hellooo it is
Monday November 11th thank goodness for
that little extension in your top bar
that'll tell you what day it is because
otherwise this would always be a much
longer process um and this is the IP of
US weekly call and we have a couple of
agenda items starting with announcements
first that we're not going to be having
this meeting next week um I think we're
tentatively going to be having it the
week after with the lovely Eric Ronnie I
will not I will not be here but Eric
Ronnie will be taking over as meeting
host for the rest of the year and
another quick update is that we've just
about finished our okay are scouring
across all of the the different working
groups so if you want to get a little
view into what some of the core working
groups are working on and how how
they're all trending check out the link
to okay ours they look snazzy and
impressively everyone is really really
really on track to get all the stuff
done that we wanted to get done so
things may shift I think we will notice
that a week's just magically disappear
on us with things like holidays and an
earlier end of this quarter it's a short
quarter but um some really excited stuff
happening so check it out going back
Tuesday no it's cool the other thing
that I wanted to share with folks was
all of the exciting stuff happening
around 2020 proposals and so let me just
share my screen so that people can see
things
well so I think I've shared this a
couple of weeks ago that we kicked off
our 2020 project planning and with a
call for themed proposals and we got I
think at least 10 last week which is
super cool and super exciting
the the kind of roadmap for things a
timeline is that we've we've kind of
closed our open call for themed
proposals and this week is our planning
spike so we're taking all of those
amazing ideas all of the other latent
stuff within the working groups that we
really would like to do and chewing on
that for this week to try and come up
with a rough draft of where we should be
focused and kind of by the beginning of
next week so that we can shop it around
amongst other stakeholders other
projects like Lib PAP and IPL D and and
the various working groups to to
understand like where we could be
focused so just to give people a little
bit of a sense like whoo lots of awesome
theme proposals and for tons of
different areas which is really really
cool
we have things are on github privacy
mobile hardware sharing in collaboration
which is kind of like the identity side
of things building better examples which
is totally valid and also how to do like
kind of the local offline social
application side of things so like these
are all amazing huge huge huge thank you
to I can't click things anymore because
I have iron boys to everyone who
submitted a themed proposal they're
phenomenal
there's like really good discussions
going on in the comments as well so like
go check out comments there they're
great and and participate kind of the
conversation it can totally continue
here I think I'd encourage everyone like
there's far more here than any single
group or even any collection of groups
can can take on and push forward in the
next year so the aim with this is to
figure out what is the most high-value
thing to do that we can focus on that's
going to enable this project move
forward super fast and then how we can
empower even more people to pick up
these threads focus dedicate their time
to it and
and help move the project forward these
areas but phenomenal thank you all so
much for helping get out these great
ideas check these out like I am so
inspired reading all of these things it
was the most fun weekend just like you
know all of these amazing futures for
the project and I think all of them
really resonate with the direction
working ahead and the sorts of things
that are absolutely gonna happen on that
bus Network I think the question is just
like how to arrange them in time
especially that we don't try and do all
of them at once because that would just
be a recipe for doing none of them
successfully so really cool cool stuff
curious if anyone has any questions
about timeline or next steps or anything
like that
Oh awesome
oh that is Matt update and it's gonna be
a fun one so alright well drop any
questions into chat if you have more
questions about that otherwise I'll pass
it off to Alan who has a quick update
okay can you hear me yeah yeah okay so
just the exciting news 0:40 is on the
way adore it's I released a RC today so
that means that you can install it now
using NPM and it's got some cool things
in it it's got its got a replay
migration tool I mean that's not so cool
in itself but move the version of the
repo forward a new version when we want
to make changes to it in the future
which will be coming soon when we switch
to that is going to be super useful the
second thing is that we've got base 52
encoded peer IDs and now we're now able
to use use them in I pianist to resolve
them which is another step forwards for
CID v1 by default as well so that's good
we've got a brand new brand new web UI
the there's a few new tag API CLI
commands that are now available that
previously weren't available before so
that is a quick overview of 0:40
like 80% sure that Allen you just did
that all by memory which is just like
super impressive so thank you and snaps
for that very good sorry I'm walking
home so I have to do everything killin
it hey it's just you're a pro awesome
awesome well any other cool cool updates
from around the farm
Eric anything snazzy happening in Doc's
land eeeh ali any any exciting info
updates to share for the last couple of
weeks we have been brewing for new
bootstrap nodes 5 FS
so they are now landed they are running
if you're running BFS chances are
your node will start to connect to them
automatically because they've been in
the bootstrap the default be strap is
config list for some time and now they
exist so you just got you just got onto
the ipfs network even more four more
times 4x more on it you bootstrapped
four times harder than before it's also
a timely deployment of them going
forwards live p2p will no longer accept
peer identities that were generated with
key links less than RSA keys less than
2048 bits and so these new identities
meet that requirement whereas the older
bootstrap nodes do not so we have
Beechnut nodes that meet the
requirements of new version 3.3 let
Peter be out in the world
cool given that we're gonna share this
meeting out more broadly is there any
call to people who are watching async
if they're using old versions of Lib p2p
that we should tell them to do certain
things if you are using an older version
of Lib p2p or a very old version of go
ipfs or in fact if you ever generated a
key link deliberately that was less than
2048 bit RSA then you need to think
twice about that and maybe generate a
new identity because they are no longer
supported stop doing that
check that oops even is our muted he's
coming in what also check your good
journalist so if s double check that
command
yeah to list the word strippers if you
see a bunch of his drops to the top
scientist at our bootstrap Vita IO
you're good if you don't you should go
add those I can actually see
I could put that in the meeting right
now
bye can I do this yes I can one sec okay
see these it should look like yes if you
don't see something like that in your
bootstrap list in your problem and you
should add these I've dropped a link to
the I've dropped a link to an issue that
we open don't go up here first to assess
the impact of that key limit change the
notable part is that go ipfs has never
generated keys that wouldn't meet this
requirement by default so you would have
had to deliberately make a less strong
key but if you did that Steven well
no-go IP that's in 2015 used to do this
Wow unless you're immensely old school
and have never updated know if you
generated your key in 2015 and you kept
on using it all of the way you have
problems yeah so basically we have a
really old note just don't check the
good strapless and don't check to make
sure your keys
I did I did some spelunking in the
history and I couldn't see a time when
it was ever lower than 2048 it used to
be in go yeah enjoy your happiness in
[Music]
ffs okay it's like I knew this was pre
the p2p I wait I'm pretty sure the
original notes used one that looks I
seen a commit that says it's which 2048
bit keys yes and that was down from 4096
I think it was one before that bit
actually that's great
alright we'll do this for linking will
update the issue with the issues in the
notes
thank you all-important PSA so glad that
everyone's getting a disability right
Eric what did you
update us on the apologize in advance
because my dog just started barking the
second I hovered over the mute button
he's got this sixth sense Doc's wise an
hour in our upcoming gathering we plan
to set up a smattering of sessions for
sneak previews of the actually everyone
be able to sneak preview it but more
directed like question and answer type
sessions for usability and whatnot jim's
general reactions so the likes of y'all
might would be great candidates for that
so hit me up and this is all in advance
of up you know brought our usability
testing with the community and the
universe at large well so exciting Doc's
Doc's beta with new information
architecture and other exciting updates
you know headed towards the door just
needs to do some testing before before
the yeah it's it's finding it there's a
Mac it's being drawn there's a plan
which door we'll have to figure that out
exciting except Allen hand
oh no I'm sorry on the previous point on
the tweet chapters I just wanted to add
something okay super quick if you were
like me and wondering what a dns adder
means in a multi adder so the
bootstrappers then you're in luck
because I found as much information as I
could and I sent a pull request to multi
formats / multi odda on github so you
document what dns adder does so go and
check that out because it's not just a
DNS address it uses text records in DNS
- its kind of a level of indirection and
so yeah if you're interested in that go
check it out and there's more Doc's so
hooray thank you that is awesome
Betty accepting awesome all right any
other exciting things from around the
block that people want to share or want
to point out from the ecosystem Olly was
telling me as he first joined that there
is an exciting new group that's looking
into using IP FS in elderly care homes
was that my phrasing that properly good
that was the but basically gathering
data from IOT devices awesome nice and
cool chats with various various people
who want to build exciting new stuff in
the wider ipfs ecosystem so yeah it
sounds like it's gonna be it's gonna be
an exciting end of quarter lots lots of
humans having launches we have ODOT 5
ditto for Co ipfs on the docket and Alan
was just telling us about that JSI cue
SRC sounds like there's a couple of
people who are kind of continuing to to
launch stuff on top of this so keep keep
your ears peeled don't actually peel
your ears that would probably be very
uncomfortable for everyone involved
but you
now you know what I mean well it's no
snazzy new update then I encourage
everyone to take the ten minutes back
and you won't see you next week but Eric
is gonna be your host the week after
right Eric the Monday of Thanksgiving
week the Monday up Thanksgiving it's
that's December is that December no nope
someone will be a host if it's not me
okay yeah we can also cancel that week
because I know that a number of people
in the US are gonna be on things like
holidays and other things like that so
if you are not going to be available
then we might as well like draw an early
line through that one yeah I'll check
that out immediately
okay yes check the sheet and keep an eye
on the calendar but definitely not next
week
TBD the week after that and then Eric
will be your new host for the rest of
the year welcome home awesome
I don't know how is this rock and roll
no that's that thing loose that thing
loose I don't know what that is it's
like be quiet quiet coyote I'm gonna be
quiet I don't call me call me baby
that's hang loose so like isn't that
rock and roll gotta put your thumb in
thumb in oh okay but that's like that's
okay we're gonna double horn all right
have a great rest day everybody snazzy
to see you all see you all in one or two
weeks